Scrub PSP docs for 1.25 (#33512)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers.md

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="beta" >}}

This admission controller acts on creation and modification of the pod and
determines if it should be admitted based on the requested security context and the 
[Pod Security Standards](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards/).

See the [Pod Security Admission documentation](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/)
for more information.

Versions of Kubernetes prior to 1.25 included an admission controller for

> the beta PodSecurityPolicy API; the Pod Security admission controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the beta `PodSecurityPolicy` API; the `PodSecurity` admission controller
```

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="beta" >}}

> This is the replacement for the deprecated `PodSecurityPolicy` admission controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the replacement for the removed `PodSecurityPolicy` admission controller.
```
or "former"?

Reviewer 3: I think I prefer “former”. Or:
```suggestion
Older versions of Kubernetes included an admission controller for
the beta PodSecurityPolicy API; the Pod Security admission controller
provides similar, but not identical, security enforcement.
```

Reviewer 3: I think I prefer “former”. Or:
```suggestion
Older versions of Kubernetes included an admission controller for
the beta PodSecurityPolicy API; the Pod Security admission controller
provides similar, but not identical, security enforcement.
```
